Update Remnant mission description, GitHub #7975 (#7976)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/remnant/remnant 1 introduction.txt

				`	"Sorry, I don't have time to help you out."`
					decline

> 			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - and we don't want you to claim it for yourself, even if that's possible. But we should be able to strip everything else of use off it. If you can bring back any outfits from it, we'll gladly buy them from you; otherwise we'll go collect them ourselves later. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - and we do not want you to claim it for yourself, even if that is possible. But we should be able to strip everything else of use off it. If you can bring back any outfits from it, we will gladly buy them from you; otherwise we will go collect them ourselves later. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`
```

Just removing contractions. Otherwise, the additions are reasonable.

> 			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - and we do not want you to claim it for yourself, even if that is possible. But we should be able to strip everything else of use off it. If you can bring back any outfits from it, we will gladly buy them from you; otherwise we will go collect them ourselves later. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`

Reviewer 2: Swapping up the wording a bit so it flows a little better.
```suggestion
			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - but we should be able to strip everything else of use off it. If you can bring back any outfits from it, we will gladly buy them from you, but we do not want you to claim the entire ship for yourself, even if that is possible. We will salvage the rest of the ship ourselves later. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`
```

> 			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - and we do not want you to claim it for yourself, even if that is possible. But we should be able to strip everything else of use off it. If you can bring back any outfits from it, we will gladly buy them from you; otherwise we will go collect them ourselves later. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Thank you," he signs. "It is acting oddly, jumping around destroying ships instead of looting and running. If it simply looted and left we would be pleased, but now it is learning about us instead, so it has reached the end of its usefulness. Please disable it so that we can salvage parts from it." He pauses, then continues, "I doubt we'll be able to salvage the ship itself - they pack those things with soldiers - and we do not want it to be captured, even if that is possible for you. The ship and crew should remain intact, and we will salvage what we can after you have it disabled. If you salvage anything we will happily compensate you for it in the outfitter, but do not feel obliged to do so. Destroying the ship should be a last resort."`
```
